starting front end master
today i revise about html and a litte bit of css in html he 
was telling about the basic html and about naming tags and 
same old shit.

okay lets start with today's note on my frontend master course 
FIRST HTML:
in html he talked about the basic html that I already know like for example 

ATTRIBUTES: 
           if i want to change the colour of a body or any tags color i have to give it a name and a value example:
                  <body bgcolor="black"></body>.the backgroung colour that i have given a body is consider a attribute and bgcolor is a "name" and "black" is a value of it's attribute.

TAG:
    tags are like building block of a html or a website like we write are coding in between tags like:
        <body> tags we write everything inside of a body tag .
        <h1> to <h6> they are like heading tags if you want a heading you write it between these tags. 
IMAGES: 
       he talked a little about images how to add images and about "src" and "alt" .So "scr" is like a adrress of an image like from where the browser will take the image from and "alt" is if that in some browser if image dosen't show up the viewer would know ,what the image is of and it is also user friendly.
COMMENTS:                  
        okay so comments are actually not coding or any thing .it's just to help you in future .so if you look at your cod after a month or so you would know what this cod is doing and what it is for .It's not just for you but for othes too so if they look at your cod  they can understand it better. and you write comments like:/*comment anything you want to write */
CLASS ATTRIBUTE :
                 this attributre is very helpfull to do css bcause when you write css in it's own file if it has a class you write it as .(period,dot) this shows that it is a class .If you want to do css on a h1 tag you do it like this .h1 then the value of the class and then curly braketlike this .h1 value{
                 cod in between 
                 }        

ID ATTRIBUTE :
              It is similar to class attribute but dangerous to use .DON'T USE IT .and if you are  using it don't use it alot it's bad it will mess up your coding .you write it like this
#h1 then the id you have given the tag and then curly braces and the cod in between like this #h1 value{ bgcolor="gray"} this cod wll be applied to all h1 that have an id same as the one you have write that id value in.
 IMPORTANT: 
           Don't even get me started with this one if you think "ids" are not messed up things then they are if you write important with any thing that will overpower every class and id .All i'm saying is that DON'T EVER USE IT THIS IS MESSED UP SHIT .And you write it as this:!important!.
 
 META :
      this is the most useless thing in html . I don't get why you have to write it but you have because it tells the browser that it is a document or what the language of the cod that you goning to write is . If you write html:5 qand hit tab the editor will write it for you visual studio cod is every amazing .if you forget the tag just write it and hit tab it will complete it for you for example: img and then hit tab it will complete it for you .  
      
      
      JAVASCRIPT:
      I want to you write js notes as soon as he talked about that stuff so i don't miss anything because js is every important so it's good that I'm writting it as soon as possible.
      
       CONST:
             this is the first thing he talked about so we give a "const" a variable and a value and you can't change the value of that variable in a new code const doesn't allow that ,"let" allows that but we goning to talk about it later
        
        HOW TO WRIT VARIABLES IN JS:
                               okay don't write js varablie in lowercase it will just confuse you in future and don't ever write variable with space between them thats just not the way of writting variable in js ,but you can write it in camelcase like the: "monthlyRent".
                               
        SEMI COLON:
                  In js semi colon are important after every statement even if you don't put semicolon at the end of a statement it will till run your code because it has a ASI which stands for (Automatic Semicolon Insertion) .
                  
        LINK JAVASCRIPT TO HTML:
                                It's very easy to do that actually you just have to write  script tag or create  script tag in html's head .Then write the "scr" .Src means from which directory or from where file is in.
                     
         LET:
             For me the main use of let is that I can change the value of let in another line and doesn't give you an error unlike const . it is a block statement .The difference between var and let is of scooping and of functioning . if you have a condition of "if" and you let inside  curly braces and give it a varaiable and value let will only function inside the curly braces not outside it.
             
         VAR:
             if you write a five line code and consol.log it and on 6 line you give it a var.variable="vlaue" and when you run the code it will not give you error because javascript put all the vars at the top of the file /function and when it will reach the code the var will get it's value from there.
             
        STRINGS:
               IT quit important to know about .It is called strings because it is a string of character like writing a line in js is known as string if it doesn't have a comma in between .You can write a string in between double qoutes(") , single qoute('),and a back tick(`) it really doesn't matter. 
                                             
